Last time on Sonic X,
Chris was trapped on Space Colony ARK,
but Sonic rocketed to his rescue!
Soon, Eggman ambushed the hapless hedgehog
and gave our hero the heave-ho.
The devious doc issued an ultimatum.
If he wasn't made supreme ruler,
he'd pulverize the planet!
But when Eggman fired up the Eclipse Cannon,
he got a blastâfrom the past!
A recording from his grandfather,
Professor Robotnik,
revealed that he had his own
plan to wipe out the world.
Can Sonic save the globe from destruction?
Or will Robotnik wreak his revenge?
Find out next on Sonic X!
Go, go, go, go, go
Gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Movin' at the speed of sound,
quickest hedgehog around
Got ourselves a situation
Stuck in a new location
Without any explanation
No talk of relaxation
Don't, don't, don't
Don't blink, don't think
Just go, go, go, go
Go, go
Sonic is on the run
Sonic, he's number one
Sonic, he's coming next,
so watch out for Sonic X
- Gotta go fast
- Sonic
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster, faster
Go, go, go, go, go, go, go
Sonic X
Gotta go faster,
gotta go fast
Gotta go faster, faster,
faster, faster
Sonic X
Topaz, I'm transmitting my report now. Over.
Be careful, Rouge.
That space colony is a dangerous place.
Ugh!
Huh?
Uhh!
[Grunt]
Oh!
You've interfered for the last time.
[Grunt]
[Sounds of fighting]
Huh.
Huh!
[Grunt]
Oof!
[Grunt] [Grunt]
All right, Shadow!
What's goin' on here?
You'll find out.
Woah!
Sonic! Your time is running out!
Wait!
Huh?
[Beeping]
He tricked me!
My own grandfather tricked me.
The Chaos Emeralds!
[Grunting]
The countdown marking my
final revenge has begun!
In a few minutes, you will be destroyed!
Space Colony ARK will hurtle
through the atmosphere
and crash into this planet
with devastating force.
You have no time to prevent this disaster,
and absolutely no hope of survival!
Your rulers took my
granddaughter Maria from me,
so I'm destroying everything you care about.
Now you'll feel what I
felt when I lost Maria.
You'll see.
[Crackle]
You'll see!
Who is that guy?
And what does he mean?
That is Professor Gerald Robotnik.
He was a scientific genius,
and my grandfather.
The countdown marking my
final revenge has begun!
Hey! It feels like this
place is breaking apart!
Soon, it's going to get a lot worse.
I just checked the colony's
propulsion systems.
The computers are locked,
so we can't reverse course.
Looks like there's nothing we can do.
and absolutely no hope of survival!
Your rulers took my-
Grandpa. Destroying a planet is one thing,
but destroying your grandson is another.
What's going on here?
Sonic!
If you came here for a
showdown, Sonic, forget it!
Soon we'll all be vaporized.
Come on. Don't be such a quitter, Eggman.
Maybe if we worked together,
we can get out of this mess.
The countdown marking my
final revenge has begun!
When I hacked into the
database on Prison Island,
I found my grandfather's diary.
"Revenge. That is all
that matters to me now."
"When I began my research,
I only wanted to do good."
That's why I worked to make
the Ultimate Creature.
But the leaders of the project worried
that I'd use it to take over the world.
So they seized my lab on Space Colony ARK.
Then, they took Maria from me,
and my life took on a new purpose.
Instead of helping people,
I would get revenge on them!
Night and day, I've planned.
So long after I am gone,
my revenge will be complete.
"I've done it. My greatest
design is now complete.
The Ultimate Creature, Shadow.
My enemies think they've defeated me,
but Shadow will carry out
my orders without question.
Now it sleeps,
but one day in the future,
it will be reawakened.
Shadow will bring total destruction."
[Beeping]
In the coming minutes, as you
helplessly await your doom-
Do we have any confirmation of this?
You just received a high priority message
from the director of the space agency,
Mr. President.
Space Colony ARK is moving towards
the planet at high speed.
The impact will be catastrophic,
and will cause massive destruction.
But if that colony hits us,
millions of lives are going to be lost!
Good luck, Sonic.
Even you're gonna have
trouble saving us this time.
[Robotnik's tape loops in the background]
Hey, freeze!
[Grunt]
This is a warrant for your arrest.
It took a long time, but the truth is out!
The secret group inside
the intelligence agency
had all records of Project Shadow.
We didn't have a clue until Dr. Eggman
hacked into their system
and accessed the file.
Good things do come from bad, sometimes.
The energy from the Chaos Emeralds
has transformed the Eclipse
Cannon into a mega-bomb.
If it detonates,
the blast will be more
massive than a supernova.
The energy from the Chaos Emeralds
is also what's pushing us toward the planet!
We have to get the Emeralds
and deactivate them somehow!
Knuckles!
Huh?
What? Why me?
Because, you can control all
the Chaos Emeralds with that.
The Master Emerald!
I can use it to shut off the power!
There's still time to stop the
space colony from crashing,
but we have to hurry!
We'll only reach the Chaos
Emeralds if we all work together!
I'll lead the way!
Stay on my heels, and do your
best to keep up the pace.
Let's get to those Chaos
Emeralds before it's too late.
Remember, if we fail,
an entire planet will perish!
And so will we.
[Lasers blasting]
[Panting]
Oof!
[Struggling]
Aah!
[Screaming]
[Panting]
Wha-?
[Grunt]
Woah!
[Sounds of distress]
I hope they make it in time!
I wish there was something we could
do to help Sonic and the others.
Sonic will get them to the
Chaos Emeralds in time.
Don't bet on it.
Huh?
Shadow!
Hm.
Master Chris.
Please, Shadow.
You can help save us all.
You believe that your whole reason
for being here is to get revenge.
But think about it.
When I was in danger back on Prison Island,
you decided to save me.
Deep down, you know you
were made to help others,
and that's the reason you finally rescued me.
Hands off!
No! Chris!
He needs help!
It's useless.
I made a promise to Maria and I'm keeping it.
Shadow. Getting revenge
won't bring Maria back.
So what?
There's still time to stop this, Shadow.
Please! You have to listen to me!
How can you blame people alive today
for things that happened 50 years ago?
Can't you see it's not fair?
Don't talk to me about fair!
Not after what happened here!
Maria was my only friend.
But your ruler sent soldiers
to take her away from me.
I tried to save her, but there
were too many for me to stop.
I never saw poor Maria again.
Maria wasn't a threat to anyone.
All she wanted was to visit your planet,
but she never had the chance.
Please, listen.
It's true that there are some
bad people in the world.
But most people are good!
I know that you'd agree with me
if you only got to know them.
Just like Maria wanted to.
[Struggling]
Shadow, please!
Maria would want you to
be friends with people.
[Struggling]
Shadow, please promise me...
That you'll... help...
people...
And be... friends with them...
Maria!
I'm sure you'll be very
happy down there, Shadow.
I only wish that I could go along with you.
The world looks so beautiful
from up here in space.
But my grandfather says
the people who live there
have to face many problems.
That's why you were created.
To help those people.
And to be their friend.
[Struggling in pain]
He was right about Maria.
She did want me to help
the people of your world.
[Beeping]
Oof!
Woah!
Up there!
[Roaring]
Woaaah!
Calm down.
I'm not going to let that monster
get ahold of the Master Emerald.
Leave that thing for me.
Shadow!
You and the others, take
care of the Chaos Emeralds,
and I'll distract it.
Hm!
Let's go!
[Panting]
[Sounds of fighting]
Woah! Woah!
[Grunting]
[Sounds of fighting and grunting]
Ughhhh...
I must remember,
the seven Chaos Emeralds are the servers.
Our hearts intensify their power!
The Controller serves to unify the Chaos.
You can do it, Knuckles!
[Deep breath]
Master Emerald, I need you to help me.
Please, stop the Chaos Emeralds.
[Roaring]
[Grunting]
[Explosions]
[Angry roaring]
All right!
Good work!
[Roaring continues]
Huh?
It's gone!
Chaos Control!
[Grunt]
What is happening?
We are still heading toward the planet!
Come in, Sonic.
Do you read me?
That monster is still alive!
It attached itself to the
outside of the space colony.
It's pulling us toward the planet!
Hm.
Oh?
[Grunting]
Huh?
Sonic!
[Sigh]
[Explosions]
Let's give it our best shot!
All right!
We can go in at full speed and finish it off!
The space colony is still rushing
towards us, Mr. President.
We're only minutes away from impact.
[Groan]
Hey, what's that?
Soon the space colony won't be able
to escape the planet's gravity!
It'll be impossible to stop it from crashing!
Come on, Sonic.
You can stop it!
Let's hope. But I'm afraid no one
can save us from disaster now.
You have to defeat that monster, Sonic.
We're all depending on you.
Sonic...
Shadow...
Topaz! You read me?
Yes, Rouge.
What's going on there?
I don't understand what Sonic's up to.
That large red object is
actually Space Colony ARK,
glowing, as it re-enters the atmosphere.
For 50 years, it's existence
was kept a secret.
In the course of our investigation,
we uncovered a conspiracy within
our intelligence services
that now threatens the
survival of this planet.
Our only hope lies in the bravery
of two hedgehogs who are
now fighting for all of us.
Please, Sonic!
Chao chao!
Sonic! Go...!!!!!
[Yelling]
You're stopping right here!
[Grunt]
Uggh! Ugh!
You can do it, Sonic!
Give it all you've got, Shadow!
If you fail, the entire
planet will be destroyed!
Tough it out, you guys!
You can do it!
We know you can!
Sonic!
Shadow!
Those people need you, Shadow.
I am Shadow!
Shadow the Hedgehog!
You ready?
You bet!
[Grunt]
Here we go!
Chaos...
Control!
Maria...
I did it...
For you...
[Crowd cheering]
Yay! All right!
That's great!
It's over!
So happy!
Yeah!
Whoo!
The space agency just reported in.
They said that the space colony has
moved back into a stable orbit.
Thank goodness.
Sonic could be charged with violating
space agency regulations.
Ya know, after all that
Sonic's done for the planet,
I don't think the voters
would like that very much.
Don't you agree?
Yes, I suppose you're right.
My grandfather was truly a genius.
Ever since I was a lad,
he was my one true hero.
I always wanted to become
a great scientist like him.
But he shouldn't have tried
to destroy the planet.
How could he do something so wrong?
I don't know, but you helped
us all to save the world!
I'm so happy the planet was saved.
Now I can conquer it and establish my empire!
Huh?
You still wanna take over the world?
Affirmative!
You are welcome to join us if you would like.
No, thank you.
[Evil laughter]
Sonic!
[Footsteps]
Where's Shadow?
Ya know,
maybe Professor Robotnik wanted Shadow
to stop his crazy plan all along.
We'll never know.
But in the end, Shadow sacrificed
everything to save us all.
He sure did.
Come on, Chris.
Let's head back.
Space is fine, but I like
my feet on the ground.
The rocket's ready!
It's time to go!
Sayonara, Shadow the Hedgehog.